Today
[Music]
I have to ask you a lot of questions
in this school. Not me, four months ago, to
ingratiate myself with the people, the
construction company decided to pay three scholarships,
my sister or touch her.
In a car, brother, what party did someone have a
party? Hi, I'm Cristian,
I wish I had fallen over when
the school collapsed, Cristian was given
14 points
and a scholarship for the extra holm oaks
together and tomorrow for the maximum party, my
house
I'm sorry Mr. X Mr. Camel no
You can name the bear
we are going to pay a visit to our
friend the builder
if you can help us and we already leave you we
believe that it is the murder weapon
well either and for his boyfriend since he was 12
years old
I would like to see you my father the builder
that one does not  from the institute and until you
are telling me that he chooses me the
Palestinian who walks through the school
with a turbo walk, and from the leagues she
falls in love with all the m  Undo even
the fumes are lowered and that superiority
that goes away until the boy presents a
note that you do not know that we have
security cameras
three of the two scholarship boys and
we take some photos the four of us together like
this shaking hands smiling as the
complaint  autonomous or to see what happens with
his provisional freedom
[Music]
to come to this house to insult me and
my family
is right they are older good people
and I not so much
if you tell something at school you are going
to force me to tell what  that comes in
tucson you
want to try
but to try and the uncles because
the merit of blaming for what it is to
remove the [ __ ] of your father even if he
had the evidence of something that
clearly incriminates him the mayos and
they are directed to a counselor of  government
my father told him that since the
budget was so tight that those
nations will not be better towards them
smoking but hey knew that in the end
all the services that were obtained
in this way asking  for him I
have not let them pass and the force of the water a
lot of pasta samu a lot but that this is
difficult if you have just served
from the jail bowling wallet
those who protected me should get the
papers
I am a challenge or a bet that was made
With your friends to see how long it will take
to fall into the morita
how
and the real
children to save their family
before ours I have not done it because I
like it
I like Marina the autopsy has come to us I
was pregnant
And now you are saving a
dough I need more time
wow
[Music]
we having a good time
let's get out of here
[Music]
and g
safe data of your sister your mother your
[ __ ] family we all liked it I
panicked vale
guzmán is only interested  It is because I
bet you will make you lose your virginity
and then humiliate you and tell it around
because I wanted to gather strength to tell you
that I would like
Samuel but I have things about my thing that you
spread your legs in my pool.
ica]
I have HIV, I am HIV-positive,
we are going to order dinner and we want to
invite you,
and I think we owe you
what happens with Marina, she
is HIV-
positive.  It would be repeating if
you have ever done an irrigation
or two inspectors are medicated
that means area can be infected
but we know in the sayings precisely
for that to scare it
stop playing with my sister find
in the [ __ ] truth that I do not love you the one that
I am not playing with
With this, we forgot about the money,
he said nothing of the matter, a notice man
in the leg,
my father has very good contacts in
Mexico, a couple of calls, and you can have
a precious number of candles, not an
extra money that exists, it is not a friend,
I want  that you take your family that you
want away because the next one is
sure that [ __ ] like me are
athletes,
what did you like to do what they told you
and
I can say that you  e strain aria
now the flame is supposed to be that all this has been a
lie that you did to get into my
house
what movies do you make in your head
now I can't get you out of my [ __ ]
head for being with my brother,
what do you have to  Be what you deserve
Marina has not been an animal
I was reading
what the hell happens you have HIV, no one please
infect me a year ago something more or less
and like my dedication and
then you leave four months yes
and the virus that I have is undetectable the
discharges we pass  from home
to you who told you that
I like the boys
listen if you go this way you are going to
have to break like my rope
[Music]
marine
for they are traveling and you are the bars
the alarm code is 1 649 then
you  I send by message and to get the
clocks you go up more balance stairs to
the parents' bedroom and they have stolen
no parity for the
clocks and they have also taken mine,
everything will be fine,
provisional expression is paid to
science and out
And when it is
300,000 months, if it was you who froze the
watch and we don't really care, he
returns them, we forget about the issue, they
are finally closing it, it is a USB, it has
documents, others, you give it another hand,
but they are business papers that my father has.
to think how we are going to return
the watch
if it is so important when they would pay us
for it we are not going to give that watch to
anyone is simply a bluff to
pay
what the tests say is that you are
pregnant of about four weeks
we are not together ago  four weeks
nothing happens for those who do not have so much to
see if we get the cover of the
magazine
that depends
on you throughout this shitty town
I
go to a place where nobody knows them
because nobody knows about the transferred
we were in the study  of his mother and
suddenly in 50 the foolishness with your kisses
of who is pregnant Marina
and no matter how much I think about it,
a person always comes to mind,
you will always be the tra  but we will
share everything really
silly the prepaid phone so they
can trace the call ok you
got the phone of the husband of
why it is like this
tomorrow without asking anything in return
from my brother
if your father has taken away the mobile who
has  I stole the watches
that you have something to do with you, you were at
my house, you saw me enter the password when I was
little, we played with my father's watches,
but I'm also going to school,
my father doesn't want me to do the next
year here, so she's without a boyfriend, she's
alone  free yes alone free and without me more
stubborn with a thousand problems I never have a
house alone
because I have it alone every day
to the skin
what is his name and we go
but we cannot be together because his
father is a [ __ ] caveman.  He says
I have something to do with the
theft of the watches,
who do you hang out with, pretty?
My son's head is an inverted,
I don't know who told you something like that, but I
'm
not pregnant.  hand then you get pregnant my
sister
[Music]
I love
you I want to [ __ ] you I
swear that from now on you will never
have to lie to you again because he never
wanted to hear [ __ ] from
you, red is in good hands
and I'm not
really wanting to put another one
for him
If you allow school to stay one more year,
Marina Núñez
is very proud of this year,
so I wanted to take the opportunity to tell the
truth,
I'm sorry,
Marina,
stay,
I don't hate you after I do
n't want to, but I don't
want to end up with a husband.  to get out
and please
how
navy
I do not know
those who invest
[Music]
several conquests
speaking the police told that the [ __ ]
world with and they are going to take me and be my
girlfriend not
to know will
always lose us
is this that gives is arrested by him
murder of marina núñez hold him
look low and confess where the
murder weapon is the antonio trophy is
true if you do not have a single proof
listen to me but we are not together
is more we are going to say that you do not know  We were going if
you had a motive to kill the navy
and
he was right if he had spoken with
my parents or with Maryna she would be
alive there
has to be some way to
prove that he was
not because we had seen the murderer with
our own eyes who was going to
wanting samu there
has to be a test something
you have to help me
[Music]